Now a really useful tool is something called Review Monitor from launch kit which I think was recently acquired
by Google actually.
But basically what it allows you to do is to monitor all the reviews and ratings that get posted for
your apps either--
You can either get it sent to your inbox as soon as it happens or you can get it sent to your Slack
via chat.
So this is a really really useful tool because you always want to be on the pulse of what is happening.
Very often you see that you know a new version of iOS gets released and your app that works for iOS
9 no longer works for iOS 10 and starts crashing everybody's iPhones.
You want to know about that as soon as possible and and review monitor can be a great way of doing this.
So in summary, take review seriously, try and prompt users to give you a review after they've used it for
a substantial amount of time,
so that's usually three consecutive app opens for me. And the third thing is to make sure that you can
filter the unhappy, the confused and the happy users.
This way you can tailor your approach for them.